Reveal the task terminal when clicking the Swift build status item (#2254)
swiftlang/vscode-swift: CHANGELOG.md

- Fix swift.buildPath being ignored by swift package plugin tasks ([#2235](https://github.com/swiftlang/vscode-swift/pull/2235))
- Fix nightly toolchains providing a value to `--swift-testing-event-stream-version` that swift-testing doesn't support ([#2247](https://github.com/swiftlang/vscode-swift/pull/2247))
- Fix error during toolchain selection when swiftly has no active toolchain ([#2246](https://github.com/swiftlang/vscode-swift/pull/2246))

> - Reveal the task terminal when clicking the Swift build status item instead of showing a popup ([#2239](https://github.com/swiftlang/vscode-swift/issues/2239))

Reviewer: The change log links to PRs, not issues:

```suggestion
- Reveal the task terminal when clicking the Swift build status item instead of showing a popup ([#2254](https://github.com/swiftlang/vscode-swift/pull/2254))
```
